Updated Readme (#270)
sigstore/sigstore-website: README.md

# sigstore-website

> <div align="center">

Reviewer: While I don't think this change is a top priority, overall it looks good. I do have a minor nitpick, however: if we do decide to include this change, it would be better to exclude the `# sigstore-website` header title as it could appear inconsistent.

@ltagliaferri & @haydentherapper any thoughts on this?

Reviewer 2: Let's not use HTML on a Markdown README file

>     <img src="https://github.com/sigstore/sigstore-website/blob/main/assets/icons/logo.svg" alt='logo'>

Reviewer 2: Let's not use HTML on the README file

["Go read about tailwind"](https://tailwindcss.com/)

> ## How to Get Involved?

Reviewer 2: This shouldn't have a question mark

```suggestion
## How to Get Involved
```

> The sigstore welcomes contributions. You can submit an issue or pull request if you have an idea for a new feature or a bug fix. Please read the [Contributor Guidelines](/CONTRIBUTORS.md) as well.

Reviewer: Maybe we can update this to 👇🏼 

Community contributions are welcome & encouraged. To suggest a new feature or report a bug, please feel free to submit an issue or a pull request. Prior to contributing, we recommend reviewing our [Contributor Guidelines](/CONTRIBUTORS.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Community contributions are welcome. To suggest a new feature or report a bug, please feel free to submit an issue. Prior to contributing, please review our [Contributor Guidelines](https://github.com/CONTRIBUTORS.md).
```
